END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. Preamble

This Agreement governs the relationship between Customer, an Individual or a
Business Entity, (hereinafter: Licensee) and Chang-Hung Liang (hereinafter:
Licensor). This Agreement sets the terms, rights, restrictions and obligations
on using HTTP Prompt (hereinafter: The Software) created and owned by Licensor,
as detailed herein.

2. License Grant

Licensor hereby grants Licensee a Personal, Non-assignable & non-transferable,
Commercial, Royalty free, Including the rights to create but not distribute
derivative works, Non-exclusive license, all with accordance with the terms set
forth and other legal restrictions set forth in 3rd party software used while
running The Software.

2.1 Limited: Licensee may use The Software for the purpose of (a) publishing
The Software's output to Licensee and 3rd Parties; (b) Distribute verbatim
copies of The Software's output (including compiled binaries); (c) Modify The
Software to suit Licensee's needs and specifications.

2.2 This license is granted until Licensee or Licensor terminates this
Agreement.

2.3 Binary Restricted: Licensee may sublicense The Software as a part of a
larger work containing more than The Software, distributed solely in Object or
Binary form under a personal, non-sublicensable, limited license. Such
redistribution shall be limited to unlimited codebases.

2.4 Non-Assignable & Non-Transferable: Licensee may not assign or transfer his
rights and duties under this license.

2.5 Commercial, Royalty Free: Licensee may use The Software for any purpose,
including paid services, without any royalties.

2.6 Including the Right to Create Derivative Works: Licensee may create
derivative works based on The Software, including amending The Software's
source code, modifying it, integrating it into a larger work or removing
portions of The Software, as long as no distribution of the derivative works is
made.

2.7 With support & maintenance: Licensor shall provide Licensee support and
maintenance of The Software.

3. Term & Termination

The Term of this license shall be until terminated. Licensor may terminate this
Agreement, including Licensee's license in the case where Licensee:

3.1 became insolvent or otherwise entered into any liquidation process; or

3.2 exported The Software to any jurisdiction where licensor may not enforce
his rights under this agreement in; or

3.3 Licensee was in breach of any of this license's terms and conditions and
such breach was not cured, immediately upon notification; or

3.4 Licensee in breach of any of the terms of clause 2 to this license; or

3.5 Licensee otherwise entered into any arrangement which caused Licensor to be
unable to enforce his rights under this License.

4. Payment and Refunds

Licensee shall pay Licensor a recurring subscription fee, via Credit-Card,
PayPal or any other mean which Licensor may deem adequate. Licensee will be
charged the rate stated at the time of purchase, every month or every year. If
Licensee cancels within 14 days of the order, Licensee will be fully refunded.
Should Licensee cancel after 14 days, the payment is non-refundable and the
subscription will continue until the end of that month's or year's billing
period.

5. Upgrades, Updates and Fixes

Licensor may provide Licensee, from time to time, with Upgrades, Updates or
Fixes, as detailed herein and according to his sole discretion. Licensee hereby
warrants to keep The Software up-to-date and install all relevant updates and
fixes. Licensor shall provide any update or Fix free of charge; however,
nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor to provide Updates or Fixes.

6. Support

The Software is provided with support via the GitHub issue tracker
(https://github.com/eliangcs/http-prompt/issues) and electronic mail.

6.1 Bug Notification: Licensee may provide Licensor of details regarding any
bug, defect or failure in The Software promptly and with no delay from such
event; Licensee shall comply with Licensor's request for information regarding
bugs, defects or failures and furnish him with information, screenshots and try
to reproduce such bugs, defects or failures.

6.2 Feature Request: Licensee may request additional features in The Software,
provided, however, that (a) Licensee shall waive any claim or right in such
feature should feature be developed by Licensor; (b) Licensee warrants that
feature does not infringe any 3rd party patent, trademark, trade secret or any
other intellectual property right; and (c) Licensee developed, envisioned or
created the feature solely by himself.

7. Liability

To the extent permitted under Law, The Software is provided under an AS-IS
basis. Licensor shall never, and without any limit, be liable for any damage,
cost, expense or any other payment incurred by Licensee as a result of The
Software's actions, failure, bugs and/or any other interaction between The
Software  and Licensee's end-equipment, computers, other software or any 3rd
party, end-equipment, computer or services.  Moreover, Licensor shall never be
liable for any defect in source code written by Licensee when relying on The
Software or using The Software's source code.

8. Warranty

8.1 Intellectual Property: Licensor hereby warrants that The Software does not
violate or infringe any 3rd party claims in regards to intellectual property,
patents and/or trademarks and that to the best of its knowledge no legal action
has been taken against it for any infringement or violation of any 3rd party
intellectual property rights.

8.2 No-Warranty: The Software is provided without any warranty; Licensor hereby
disclaims any warranty that The Software shall be error free, without defects
or code which may cause damage to Licensee's computers or to Licensee, and that
The Software shall be functional. Licensee shall be solely liable to any
damage, defect or loss incurred as a result of operating software and undertake
the risks contained in running The Software on License's Server[s] and
Website[s].

8.3 Prior Inspection: Licensee hereby states that he inspected The Software
thoroughly and found it satisfactory and adequate to his needs, that it does
not interfere with his regular operation and that it does meet the standards
and scope of his computer systems and architecture. Licensee found that The
Software interacts with his development, website and server environment and
that it does not infringe any of End User License Agreement of any software
Licensee may use in performing his services. Licensee hereby waives any claims
regarding The Software's incompatibility, performance, results and features,
and warrants that he inspected The Software.

9. Indemnification

Licensee hereby warrants to hold Licensor harmless and indemnify Licensor for
any lawsuit brought against it in regards to Licensee's use of The Software in
means that violate, breach or otherwise circumvent this license, Licensor's
intellectual property rights or Licensor's title in The Software. Licensor
shall promptly notify Licensee in a case of such legal action and request
Licensee's consent prior to any settlement in relation to such lawsuit or
claim.

10. Governing Law, Jurisdiction

Licensee hereby agrees not to initiate class-action lawsuits against Licensor
in relation to this license and to compensate Licensor for any legal fees, cost
or attorney fees should any claim brought by Licensee against Licensor be
denied, in part or in full.
